docs: update with changes on deleteIFE and processIFE (#492)
omisego/plasma-contracts: plasma_framework/docs/design/payment-game-implementation-v1.md

1. Shows there exists valid spending tx of the input/output
1. Removes the piggybacked flag of the challenged input or output

> ### Delete non piggybacked In-flight Exit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Remove non piggybacked In-flight Exit
```

> 1. Checks that it is not in the first phase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Checks that the in-flight exit is not in the first half of the exit period
```

> 1. Checks that no piggyback on the in-flight exit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Checks that there is no piggyback on the in-flight exit
```

> 1. Delete the in-flight exit and transfer IFE bond back to owner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Delete the in-flight exit and transfer IFE bond back to the owner
```

### Process In-flight exit:

> 1. Checks the in-flight exit is canonical or not. Canonicity decides whether it should withdraw outputs or inputs. An in-flight exit would be considered non-canonical when:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Checks whether the in-flight exit is canonical. Canonicity decides whether outputs or inputs are withdrawn. An in-flight exit is considered non-canonical when:
```

>    1. The canonicity games end up to be non-canonical

Reviewer: `canonicity games` what are those. Can we specific which in-flight exit flows are related?
